In signing this contract, you enter into a transactional agreement with Metro Railings, a company that specializes in
 the manufacture and installation of all types of railings and gates. From here until the end of these agreement, these
 railings and gates will be referred to as "Company Product". Metro Railings will build and install fitted Company
 Product at the address given below (henceforth known as the "Installation Address"). This Company Product will be built
 according to all design specifications noted above. The order will be considered fulfilled when the Company Product is
 successfully installed at the Installation Address.

In exchange for us providing you with Company Product and any other services stipulated elsewhere in the table above,
you will pay us the amount specified above as the "Order Total" (henceforth, we will refer to this amount as the "Order Total").

You will be paying one-half of the Order Total upon signing this agreement. We will begin work after the payment for
that first half of the Order Total is fully processed. After we finish installing the railings at the Installation
Address, you will pay off the remaining balance on the Order Total. That second payment will serve as your
acknowledgement that the order has been completely fulfilled. Should you fail to make that second payment or should
any of your payments fail to process successfully, Metro Railings has the right to take back its railings.

Should you pay us the first half by credit card, then unless otherwise directed, you give Metro Railings permission
to charge the rest of the balance on that credit card automatically once the order is fulfilled.

During installation, please keep in mind that we may be drilling holes in order to anchor the railings into whatever
platform or ground they will be standing upon. Should any of the holes we need to drill require us to drill through
rebar or granite, we will need to charge you $60 for each hole that requires us to drill through rebar or granite.
The reason we must impose this charge is not only does it take a significantly longer time to drill through rebar or
granite, but doing so takes a toll on our beloved drilling equipment.

Metro Railings extends a lifetime warranty on any aluminum product it manufactures. Furthermore, Metro Railings also
provides a ten-year limited warranty on the powder coating applied to any of these products. All such warranties
promised by Metro Railings covers only damage caused by the passage of time. These warranties do not cover
damages sustained by the railings as a result of external impact forces or acts of God.

This agreement supersedes any prior and verbal agreements made between you and any representative of Metro Railings.